Welcome back.
Looking back at how we can make our apps better from the previous section you remember the critical
render path.
You can see that there are two main bottlenecks for javascript right over here.
Number three and right over here and number eight and four.
One is to minimize DOM manipulation through javascript and the other is javascript delivery how we deliver
our javascript to the content.
Now in this section as I said we'll go over how to build a simple re-act up with this diagram things
make sense right.
The better our delivery of javascript Well the faster we're going to build the render tree.
And we also want to be smart about how much real rendering we're going to do because any time javascript
changes something in the DOM we have to go through this step again into the rendered tree layout and
paint.
So if we can solve these two bottlenecks with something like re-act That's pretty good right.
And that's what we're going to do.
We have react to really help us out with this cycle of rendering layout paint and then modifying rendering
layout paint.
We're also going to learn a little bit about Westpac which help us with javascript delivery to optimize
that.
And then finally we're going to talk about redux and how redux adds a little bit to react to allow us
to improve.
Again this process of change something random tree layout paint change something Redner tree layout
paint.
So remember our challenge
Kaikohe Corp. has the rubber friends app which is going to bigger and they want to add state management
to it which we can do through redux which we're going to talk about in the next video.
But as with anything a senior developers we have to think about why we would want to learn redox why
we might improve this process that we see previously right over here in the next video we're going to
talk about state management and understand why redux might improve upon react and often with applications
you'll see both of them being used because it really really is a nice experience.
By the end you're going to be able to speak intelligently about all three of these technologies.
I'll see in the next one.
Babai.